Create CONTRIBUTING.md (#32)
Python-Community-News/Topics: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing Topics to the Show

## Submitting a Conference

> Submit Upcoming Conferences to be talked about on the show using one our [conference issue templates](https://github.com/python-community-news/topics/issues/new/choose).

Reviewer: We can link directly to the conference template unless you think we need more than one.

```suggestion
Submit Upcoming Conferences to be talked about on the show using our [conference issue templates](https://github.com/Python-Community-News/Topics/issues/new?assignees=&labels=conference&template=name%3Aadd_conference.yml&title=%5BCONFERENCE%5D+%3CCONFERENCE+NAME%3E+YYYY).
```

> NOTE: All Conference announcements should have an issue made. Issues will be closed and not reported on if they fail to meet the criteria for a valid conference, announcement type, or are not approved but the hosts.

### Types of Conferences
We would love you to submit any conference that would be of interest to the Python Community.

Here are some examples:

> 1. A Conference _celebrating Python in a geographic region or technical discipline ([PyCon US](https://pycon.us), [PyGotham](https://pygotham.org), [PyData](https://pydata.org/upcoming-events/))

Reviewer: Was this supposed to be bolded like the other items in the list?

```suggestion
1. A Conference **celebrating Python in a geographic region or technical discipline** ([PyCon US](https://pycon.us), [PyGotham](https://pygotham.org), [PyData](https://pydata.org/upcoming-events/))
```

2. The Conference **Celebrates a Community where Python is widely used** ([TableauCon](https://www.tableau.com/events/conference), [Open Data Science Conference](https://odsc.com))
3. The Conference is a General Technology Focus with a **Python/Data Science specific track** ([All Things Open](https://www.allthingsopen.org))

> 4. A community-run general technology conference ([!!Con](https://bangbangcon.com))

Reviewer: I'd argue that the text here is too broad to be an example of what we'll cover. !!Con is a good example of one we will / have covered, but not all "general technology conferences" will fit this bill, and most that do would fall into (3) above.

If there is any confusion, **we encourage you to submit it**. One of the maintainers will request more information in the issue comments if necessary.

### Conference Requirements
- Public CFP (The CFP window may be closed but a CFP process must have taken place)
- Code of Conduct

### Types of Announcements

The show will report on the following announcements:
 
 1. Conference Dates Announced

>  2. Tickets Go On Sale (We will not do any follow up posts regarding discount windows)

Reviewer: I'd make an exception to this rule, which is that we may partner with conferences to offer PCN-specific discounts where appropriate. No need to change any wording here, just throwing it out there as a call we might make for conferences on a case-by-case basis. Agreed on the "we won't mention early-bird-round-three ticket window" kind of update, though.
